# v0.37.6

* Original: [Release electron v0.37.6 - electron/electron](https://github.com/electron/electron/releases/tag/v0.37.6)

Changelog:

* Don't emit `will-quit` when app.exit() is called.
* Add `isMainFrame` parameter to `did-fail-load` event of `WebContents`.
* Add `statusLine` property to `webRequest.OnHeadersReceived` API's `responseHeaders` object.
* Add `backgroundThrottling` option to `webPreferences` of `BrowserWindow`.
* Add `resourceType` parameter to `did-get-response-details` event of `WebContents`.
* Fix `<webview>` and `preload` script not working when there is no script tag in page.
* Fix `webRequest.onHeadersReceived` API modifying original headers' status line.
* Fix breakpoints not working after reloading in the devtools view.
* Fix idle GC not working in the main process.
* Fix the race condition between `did-fail-load` and `did-finish-load` events.
* Fix wrong default transparent background for frameless window.
* Fix SSL certificate information not showing in the Security tab of devtools.

**Windows**

* Fix printing not working.
* Fix support with NVDA/JAWS screen readers.
* Fix crash when closing a window in its `blur` event handler.
* Fix notification not showing when Application User Model ID is set.

**OS X**

* Fix template image not working as tray icon on some machines.
* Fix `backgroundColor` of `BrowserWindow` not displaying correctly.

**Linux**

* Do not wait for `xdg-open` to exit when calling `shell.openExternal`.
* Add support for the `tag` property of HTML5 `Notification` API.
* Fix notifications not showing on Ubuntu 16.04.

